even though i'm a marketer
i know traffic isn't everything there's
something more important than traffic
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down why you should
stop assessing over traffic so you can
really get sales with your online
business
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the alert notification
getting traffic is a long cycle look seo
takes anywhere from three to six months
you know if you have a new website even
sometimes a month if your website has a
lot of authority to 12 months to even
multiple years if you're just starting
off and to really get significant
traffic
it usually takes three to six months
before things really start kicking up
and years to really get what you really
want you need to do lots of trial and
error before you know what's actually
working so you can double down on your
winning tactics so within this video i'm
gonna break it down into two parts the
first part is what you should be
focusing on and the second part is what
you shouldn't be focusing on
now let's go over what you should be
focusing on one
work on your offer once you figure out
your offer and what's converting really
well for you you can focus on generating
more traffic after that but if you get
tons of traffic and people don't want to
buy for you who cares you're not making
any money you need to really hone down
your offer and figure out what people
want it's all about solving people's
problems if you survey people talk to
people in your industry you'll figure
out what issues people have solve them
and you'll get sales
two work on your lead generation
strategy
what i mean by this is how are you going
to get leads
is it that you need traffic seo is that
you need paid advertising is it that you
should cold call right there's many
different strategies to get leads and
there's no right or wrong approach
number three when you get the leads you
need to nurture them
how do you get them from a lead
to maybe figure out if they're qualified
to then pitch them and then close them
you got to nurture them you can't just
expect to get a lead and be like yeah
they're just going to give me money i
wish it worked that way four you need to
optimize for conversions
look at your sales process whether
you're talking to someone or you're just
selling online you have e-commerce like
a product page a checkout page an upsell
downsell you need to figure out where
the drop-off is that's a funnel and what
you want to do is wherever whatever
steps you're getting the drop-offs
that's where you need to focus on
buttoning things up so that way you
could end up getting more sales so for
example if most of people are leaving
your product page maybe it's the images
maybe it's not detailed enough reviews
not enough uh testimonials not enough
star ratings so once you fix that kind
of stuff you'll get better
five
creating new content it's all about
topic clusters to dominate bigger topics
example is paid ads as a main topic and
then you have facebook ads linkedin ads
google ads twitter ads instagram ads
reddit ads as all subtopics that's what
i mean as content clusters
six refreshing content and optimizing
for new keyword opportunities that you
can identify in google search console or
ubersys using tools like ubersets and
google search console will show you all
the keyword opportunities that you have
with your website and what's working for
your competitors that you could
potentially go after
seven internal linking everyone talks
about hey
i need to keep creating new content but
if you're not linking your old content
to your new content your new content
your old content it's going to be hard
for google to crawl your whole site so
make sure that you use interlinking
where it makes sense don't just do it
for the sake of it and be careful and
not optimize for two keyword rich anchor
texts
eight content pruning i want you to
combine existing pages on the same
topics a lot of times you're gonna
need to combine your pages because if
your website's been around for many many
years you may have four or five six
articles on the same exact thing that's
being up over death like the seo guide
for 2021 seo guide for 2025 seo guide
for 2022. well eventually you just want
to combine them all and you want to
delete the pages that don't make sense
or older out data like pages on myspace
that no one cares for and make sure you
also fix your internal links you don't
want to have old internal links going to
dead pages that no longer exist even if
you're doing 301 redirects you still
want to update those internal links
now let's talk about what you shouldn't
focus on first off i don't want you to
check your traffic and rankings every
day you should track it every day but
you shouldn't have to check it every day
if you check it bi-weekly or monthly
that's fine
you can set up alerts so that way when
something goes up or down drastically
you get notified but checking it every
day isn't that important unless you're
in the ad campaigns you're optimizing
for it you know but generally as a
business owner or executive you
shouldn't be checking it each and every
single day
your goal is to find opportunities and
double down on them and you can do this
by finding keywords that are sitting on
page two or three and that's better than
checking your traffic each and every
single day
number two don't obsess over your
competitors what you should be doing is
obsessing over your customers if you do
what's best for your customers that's
how you win
and if you look at companies like amazon
they didn't obsess about competition
they obsess about their customers look
for ideas on how you can also improve
your content and be better for your
ideal customers i also want you to look
for keywords using uber says that you
may not be targeting right now but your
customers may be looking for
and you can do this by just looking at
the keyword ideas report i also want you
to use the backlinks opportunity report
within ubersuggest that'll show you
all the people that link to your
competitors but don't link to you so
what you do is you put in your url and
then you put in a few of your
competitors and it'll show you all the
people that link to multiple competitors
but not you if people link to not just
one but two three of your competitors
and not you the chances are they'll link
to you as well if you just hit them up
and you show them how your content is
better your products are more better and
if they do that or if you do that your
rankings will climb over time it just
takes some effort
thank you for watching if you just need
my team to do all the marketing for you
check out np digital if you like this
video share it tell the people at it
thank you for watching